==Inkscape Jpeg Export Extension==

This is a small and basic [http://inkscape.org Inkscape] extension that allows to export directly to a jpg or webp file instead of the standard png.

===How does it work===

This extension simply exports a png image and then converts it to jpg or webp using '''imagemagick'''; this means that you must have imagemagick installed to make it work.

The extension has three exporting modes:

* '''full page export''' exports the whole page.
* if you ''activate'' '''fast export''', the extension uses the Inkscape's simpletransform library to determine area and position of the selected objects and exports them. This has some issues with masks and clips, and, in Inkscape version prior to 0.91, with images. In any other case this is the recommended method since is much much faster than the one below. 
* if you ''deactivate'' '''fast export''', the extension calls a command line Inkscape instance for every selected object to get it's data. This method doesn't have any problems with clips, masks and images but is '''a lot''' slower than the one above if you have selected many objects.


===Installation===

Just drop the two jpegexport.* files in your extensions folder (usually ~/.config/inkscape/extensions in Linux or C:\Programs\Inkscape\share\extensions in Windows).

===Usage===

The extension can be found in the ''extensions'' menu under the ''Export as JPG'' label. 

====Options====

* '''Export path''': write here the full path and file name of the resulting image
* '''Background color''': Since jpg does not support transparencies, the image will have a background color. Default is white, if you want to change it insert in this field the desired color in rgb html notation (e.g. #000000 for black).
* '''Export whole page''': check this if you want to export the whole page instead of a selection. 
* '''Fast export''': Use the fast or the normal export mode (see above for details). It is recommended to always check this box unless you are using masks or clips. This option is useless if you are exporting the whole page.
* '''Export Format''': Select if you want to use JPG or WEBP export format. If you choose WEBP, the JPG export options (background color, quality) will be ignored, and a lossless WEBP image will be exported (with transparency, but only if your version of imagemagick supports webp).

===Other languages===

Some translated .inx files are provided under the '''languages/''' directory. If you wish to use one of those languages just install the .inx file located in the language folder instead of the one that is in the root folder.

====Translators====
* '''Es''': Prar
* '''Ja''': junichi11 [https://github.com/junichi11]
